Quotes and One-Liners by Ashleigh Brilliant
--UC Berkeley 'street' philosopher

Appreciate me now and avoid the rush.

Better start rushing before the rush begins!

By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task overwhelm me.

Do what you know is right, but try not to get caught.

Even if you're not enjoying the flight, it's futile to threaten to get out and walk.

Even when I'm happy and successful, life still goes on.

Having failed to conquer myself, my best hope now is to arrange an alliance with myself.

I always like to know what I'm doing, but there are times when nobody will tell me.

I could do great things, if I weren't so busy doing little things.

I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem.

I don't understand you. You don't understand me. What else do we have in common?

I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.

I hope I can settle my internal conflicts without bloodshed.

I try to take life as it comes, and just hope it keeps coming.

I waited and waited, and when no message came, I knew it must have been from you.

I want either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.

I'll give up my bad habits as soon as equally satisfying good habits become available.

I'm going to spend the rest of my life in the future, and possibly even longer.

Is it you and I who are crazy, or is it everybody else?

It's sometimes easier to do the impossible than to do the embarrassing.

Life is a process of losing our illusions, until we finally lose the illusion that we're alive.

Life may have no meaning. Or even worse, it may have a meaning of which I disapprove.

Maybe I'm lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction.

Most of my problems have no answer or else the answer is worse than the problem.

My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.

My sources are unreliable, but their information is fascinating.

Not only don't I know what tomorrow will bring, I'm still not entirely certain what yesterday brought.

Please don't ask me what the score is, I'm not even sure what the game is.

Please don't believe everything you hear about me, regardless of how true it may be.

Please don't lie to me, unless you're absolutely sure I'll never find out the truth.

Should I abide by the rules until they're changed, or help speed the change by breaking them?

Some books make me want to go adventuring, others feel that they have saved me the trouble.

Sometimes I need what only you can provide, your absence.

Strange as it may seem, my life is based on a true story.

The task I've been given seems absurd: To wait here on earth until I no longer exist.

The things I fear may all be imaginary, so what I fear most is my imagination.

There is a world which I alone rule, but it ends at my fingertips.

To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.

Try to be the best of what you are, even if what you are is no good.

Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.

Unlike most other people, I'm just an average person.

Without me there could be no everybody.
